wip(rn-pp): Draft release note for Connectors 23.01 (#2082)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

- [**Centreon SQL Metrics**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-sql-metrics.md) - fix (sql-metrics): add poller delay - Status:stable - centreon-pack-applications-monitoring-centreon-sql-metrics-23.01.5-1
- [**Amazon CloudFront**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudfront.md) - enh (cloud-aws-cloudfront): Add discovery mode/rule for AWS CloudFront - Status:stable - centreon-pack-cloud-aws-cloudfront-23.01.0-1

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

- [**Amazon RDS**](../procedures/cloud-aws-rds.md) - fix typo cloud-aws-rds instance-status mode - Status:stable - centreon-pack-cloud-aws-rds-23.01.0-1
- [**AWS Billing**](../procedures/cloud-aws-billing.md) - fix (virtualization-proxmox-ve-restapi): unlock host discovery parameters - Status:stable - centreon-pack-cloud-aws-billing-23.01.0-1
- [**Cisco Meraki Rest API**](../procedures/network-cisco-meraki-restapi.md) - fix (virtualization-proxmox-ve-restapi): unlock host discovery parameters - Status:stable - centreon-pack-network-cisco-meraki-restapi-23.01.0-1

> - [**Kadiska Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-kadiska-restapi.md) - MON-16509-issues-on-kadiska-plugin-pack - Status:stable - centreon-pack-applications-monitoring-kadiska-restapi-23.01.2-1

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Kadiska Rest API**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-kadiska-restapi.md) - fix(kadiska): fix the discovery commands and arguments  - Status:stable - centreon-pack-applications-monitoring-kadiska-restapi-23.01.2-1
```
